Add issue templates (#31693)
servo/servo: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/security-report.md

---

> name: Security report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Security Vulernability
```

about: Report a security vulnerability
title: ''
labels: A-security, C-untriaged
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug:**

> A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A clear and concise description of the vulernability
```

> A clear and concise description of the vulernability

Author: ```suggestion
A clear and concise description of the vulnerability.
```

**To Reproduce:**
Steps to reproduce the behavior.

> **Platform:** (optional)

Author: ```suggestion
**Platform:**
```

> Specify the OS if relevant to the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify OS, distribution, and hardware platform.
```
